_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout:    page
title:     About
image: 
permalink: /about/
---

My name is 👨🏻‍💻Kei. I am an Experience Designer currently based in Cologne, Germany. I work predominantly for designing digital services & products.

In my spare time, I read about 📚📰socio-politics, think about 🕹🔀interactions, write on ✏️💬current issues, do audiovisual & textual explorations, and take care of 🌵plants.

I speak English, French, Cantonese, Mandarin Chinese, and GIF; also a bit of German, Portuguese, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Write me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/{{ site.twitter.username }}){:target="_blank"} [E-mail](mailto:kei.khcheung@gmail.com) [LinkedIn]({{ site.linkedin }}){:target="_blank"}

-------

<div class="marquee">
<div class="marquee--content">
<h4 class="item-collection-1">
# work ## work ## work ## work ## work ## work #</h4><h4 class="item-collection-2"># work ## work ## work ## work ## work ## work #</h4>
</div>
</div>
<small>since Sep 2018</small>  
<mark>Experience Designer</mark> @ denkwerk GmbH, Cologne, Germany  
<span class="extras">Product design, user research, experience design, design system development & maintenance, digital solution strategy, service analysis & conceptualisation (B2B & B2C), and design workshop organisation.</span>

<small>May ~ Nov 2017</small>  
<mark>UX Design (Intern)</mark> @ denkwerk GmbH, Cologne, Germany  
<span class="extras">Digital service design, IoT innovation, user research and analysis.</span>

<small>Sep 2016 ~ Oct 2017</small>  
<mark>Project Director</mark> @ AInsitu, Lyon, France  
<span class="extras">Project management, user-centred consulting, and UX/UI design.</span>

<small>Jan 2016 ~ Jun 2016</small>  
Sales Associate @ Le Slip Français, Hong Kong  
<span class="extras">Multilingual retail & customer services (French, English, Cantonese & Mandarin), cashier duties, and maintenance of shop displays and stock.</span>

<small>Oct 2014 ~ Jun 2015</small>  
English Language Teacher @ Speaking Agency, Paris, France  
<span class="extras">Early childhood education (English language).</span>

<small>Jun 2013 ~ Aug 2013</small>  
Intern @ Walt Disney World, Orlando, Florida, USA  
<span class="extras">International College Programme; retail and customer services, food and beverage.</span>

<small>Jun 2012 ~ Mar 2013</small>  
<mark>Freelance Graphic Designer</mark>  
Clients: European Union Academic Programme Hong Kong, Longs International Ltd.

-------

<div class="marquee">
<div class="marquee--content">
<h4 class="item-collection-1">
# education ## education ## education ## education #</h4><h4 class="item-collection-2"># education ## education ## education ## education #</h4>
</div>
</div>
<small>Aug 2016 ~ Jun 2018</small>  
<mark>École Normale Supérieure de Lyon</mark>, France  
Master of Information and Communication: Information Architecture  
<span class="extras">Information design, UX/UI design, Web design & ergonomics, cognition & interaction, and programming basics.</span>

<small>Aug 2012 ~ Jun 2018</small>  
<mark>Hong Kong Baptist University</mark>, Hong Kong  
Bachelor of Social Sciences (Hons): European Studies (French stream)  
<span class="extras">European politics, French politics, sociology & language.  
Supplementary courses: Furniture design, product design, prototyping, art appreciation.</span>

<small>Sep 2014 ~ Jun 2015</small>  
<mark>Université Sorbonne Nouvelle Paris 3</mark>, France  
<i>Licence 3</i>: International Studies (European Studies stream)  
<span class="extras">French civilisation & language, international politics & legal systems.  
Supplementary courses: Contemporary art, French cinema, and Portuguese language.</span>

-------

<div class="marquee">
<div class="marquee--content">
<h4 class="item-collection-1">
# publications ## publications ## publications ## publications #</h4><h4 class="item-collection-2"># publications ## publications ## publications ## publications #</h4>
</div>
</div>
<small>May 2018</small>  
User Experience of Voice Assistants: Exploration of Anticipatory Assistance with Augmented Sensitivity to Usage Environments' Context. [DUMAS, Archive ouverte HAL](https://dumas.ccsd.cnrs.fr/dumas-01981716){:target="_blank"}.

-------

<div class="marquee">
<div class="marquee--content">
<h4 class="item-collection-1">
# speaking ## teaching ## speaking ## teaching ## speaking ## teaching #</h4><h4 class="item-collection-2"># speaking ## teaching ## speaking ## teaching ## speaking ## teaching #</h4>
</div>
</div>
<small>Apr 2019</small>  
<mark>Deutscher Digital Award 2019 Backstage</mark>  
'Asien – Newcomer oder…?' (with Dennys Hess).

<small>Mar 2019</small>  
<mark>Design Studies, MacEwan University</mark>  
Guest lecture: 'User Experience in Voice User Interface', DESN341 Interaction Design II.

Commit message:

Add notes & iPhone notch support

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout:    page
title:     About
image: 
permalink: /about/
---

My name is 👨🏻‍💻Kei. I am an Experience Designer currently based in Cologne, Germany. I work predominantly for designing digital services & products.

In my spare time, I read about 📚📰socio-politics, think about 🕹🔀interactions, write on ✏️💬current issues, do audiovisual & textual explorations, and take care of 🌵plants. You can check out some of my thoughts [on my notes](https://notes.keikhcheung.com){:target="_blank"}.

I speak English, French, Cantonese, Mandarin Chinese, and GIF; also a bit of German, Portuguese, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Write me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/{{ site.twitter.username }}){:target="_blank"} [E-mail](mailto:kei.khcheung@gmail.com) [LinkedIn]({{ site.linkedin }}){:target="_blank"}

-------

<div class="marquee">
<div class="marquee--content">
<h4 class="item-collection-1">
# work ## work ## work ## work ## work ## work #</h4><h4 class="item-collection-2"># work ## work ## work ## work ## work ## work #</h4>
</div>
</div>
<small>since Sep 2018</small>  
<mark>Experience Designer</mark> @ denkwerk GmbH, Cologne, Germany  
<span class="extras">Product design, user research, experience design, design system development & maintenance, digital solution strategy, service analysis & conceptualisation (B2B & B2C), and design workshop organisation.</span>

<small>May ~ Nov 2017</small>  
<mark>UX Design (Intern)</mark> @ denkwerk GmbH, Cologne, Germany  
<span class="extras">Digital service design, IoT innovation, user research and analysis.</span>

<small>Sep 2016 ~ Oct 2017</small>  
<mark>Project Director</mark> @ AInsitu, Lyon, France  
<span class="extras">Project management, user-centred consulting, and UX/UI design.</span>

<small>Jan 2016 ~ Jun 2016</small>  
Sales Associate @ Le Slip Français, Hong Kong  
<span class="extras">Multilingual retail & customer services (French, English, Cantonese & Mandarin), cashier duties, and maintenance of shop displays and stock.</span>

<small>Oct 2014 ~ Jun 2015</small>  
English Language Teacher @ Speaking Agency, Paris, France  
<span class="extras">Early childhood education (English language).</span>

<small>Jun 2013 ~ Aug 2013</small>  
Intern @ Walt Disney World, Orlando, Florida, USA  
<span class="extras">International College Programme; retail and customer services, food and beverage.</span>

<small>Jun 2012 ~ Mar 2013</small>  
<mark>Freelance Graphic Designer</mark>  
Clients: European Union Academic Programme Hong Kong, Longs International Ltd.

-------

<div class="marquee">
<div class="marquee--content">
<h4 class="item-collection-1">
# education ## education ## education ## education #</h4><h4 class="item-collection-2"># education ## education ## education ## education #</h4>
</div>
</div>
<small>Aug 2016 ~ Jun 2018</small>  
<mark>École Normale Supérieure de Lyon</mark>, France  
Master of Information and Communication: Information Architecture  
<span class="extras">Information design, UX/UI design, Web design & ergonomics, cognition & interaction, and programming basics.</span>

<small>Aug 2012 ~ Jun 2018</small>  
<mark>Hong Kong Baptist University</mark>, Hong Kong  
Bachelor of Social Sciences (Hons): European Studies (French stream)  
<span class="extras">European politics, French politics, sociology & language.  
Supplementary courses: Furniture design, product design, prototyping, art appreciation.</span>

<small>Sep 2014 ~ Jun 2015</small>  
<mark>Université Sorbonne Nouvelle Paris 3</mark>, France  
<i>Licence 3</i>: International Studies (European Studies stream)  
<span class="extras">French civilisation & language, international politics & legal systems.  
Supplementary courses: Contemporary art, French cinema, and Portuguese language.</span>

-------

<div class="marquee">
<div class="marquee--content">
<h4 class="item-collection-1">
# publications ## publications ## publications ## publications #</h4><h4 class="item-collection-2"># publications ## publications ## publications ## publications #</h4>
</div>
</div>
<small>May 2018</small>  
User Experience of Voice Assistants: Exploration of Anticipatory Assistance with Augmented Sensitivity to Usage Environments' Context. [DUMAS, Archive ouverte HAL](https://dumas.ccsd.cnrs.fr/dumas-01981716){:target="_blank"}.

-------

<div class="marquee">
<div class="marquee--content">
<h4 class="item-collection-1">
# speaking ## teaching ## speaking ## teaching ## speaking ## teaching #</h4><h4 class="item-collection-2"># speaking ## teaching ## speaking ## teaching ## speaking ## teaching #</h4>
</div>
</div>
<small>Apr 2019</small>  
<mark>Deutscher Digital Award 2019 Backstage</mark>  
'Asien – Newcomer oder…?' (with Dennys Hess).

<small>Mar 2019</small>  
<mark>Design Studies, MacEwan University</mark>  
Guest lecture: 'User Experience in Voice User Interface', DESN341 Interaction Design II.
