README.md, before:

# Change Log
Kei Ka-hei Cheung

## 20200621

Fix display for iPhone notch and #draggable size on mobile & tablet.

## 20200523

Blog post on [On Digital Reference Keeping](https://keikhcheung.com/blog/2020/05/23/On-Digital-Reference-Keeping/); added better SEO for Twitter Cards.

## 20200325

New content; rewrite content.

Remake layout with [Type theme](https://github.com/aspirethemes/type); with Draggable UI nav & blog posts.

## 20191212

Update Chamrousse

## 20191120

Update About.

## 20191110

Republish GitHub Pages site.

## 20191103

Correct padding-left for text on mobile.

On blog post, move post-header to the top of post-content (post-blog layout).

Fix progress img reveal position on blog (width >= 770 centred, othersize position absolute). Problem with transform: translate across browsers.

## 20191101

Update Ardi.

## 20190906

Introduction of blog.

## 20180821

Lazy load for images thanks to the script by [Craig Buckler](https://github.com/craigbuckler/progressive-image.js), optimisation for mobile, and SEO.

## 20180810

Portfolio built on Jekyll and GitHub Pages.

Special thanks to [Kat Fukui](http://katfukui.com) for her documentation on Jekyll and GitHub Pages with which this site has been established.

---

## Jan 2018

This is a portfolio site under construction.

Current portfolio:  
http://kolgrimur-volundarson-design.tumblr.com

GitHub user page:  
https://github.com/keikhcheung/

GitHub Pages repo:  
https://github.com/keikhcheung/keikhcheung.github.io/

Customised homepage at:  
http://keikhcheung.github.io/

---

Copyright © Ka Hei Cheung 2010-2020. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

New blog post; CSS Twitter embed
Linear Writing Software Impedes Literal Exploration

README.md, after:

# Change Log
Kei Ka-hei Cheung

## 20200627

Blog post on [Linear Writing Software Impedes Literal Exploration](https://keikhcheung.com/blog/2020/06/27/Linear-Writing-Software-Impedes-Literal-Exploration/).

## 20200621

Fix display for iPhone notch and #draggable size on mobile & tablet.

## 20200523

Blog post [On Digital Reference Keeping](https://keikhcheung.com/blog/2020/05/23/On-Digital-Reference-Keeping/); added better SEO for Twitter Cards.

## 20200325

New content; rewrite content.

Remake layout with [Type theme](https://github.com/aspirethemes/type); with Draggable UI nav & blog posts.

## 20191212

Update Chamrousse

## 20191120

Update About.

## 20191110

Republish GitHub Pages site.

## 20191103

Correct padding-left for text on mobile.

On blog post, move post-header to the top of post-content (post-blog layout).

Fix progress img reveal position on blog (width >= 770 centred, othersize position absolute). Problem with transform: translate across browsers.

## 20191101

Update Ardi.

## 20190906

Introduction of blog.

## 20180821

Lazy load for images thanks to the script by [Craig Buckler](https://github.com/craigbuckler/progressive-image.js), optimisation for mobile, and SEO.

## 20180810

Portfolio built on Jekyll and GitHub Pages.

Special thanks to [Kat Fukui](http://katfukui.com) for her documentation on Jekyll and GitHub Pages with which this site has been established.

---

## Jan 2018

This is a portfolio site under construction.

Current portfolio:  
http://kolgrimur-volundarson-design.tumblr.com

GitHub user page:  
https://github.com/keikhcheung/

GitHub Pages repo:  
https://github.com/keikhcheung/keikhcheung.github.io/

Customised homepage at:  
http://keikhcheung.github.io/

---

Copyright © Ka Hei Cheung 2010-2020. All rights reserved.
